can a day really make a difference we
believe it can but here's an even bigger
question can a day in your life really
make a difference in the life of someone
else we believe it absolutely can that's
why we've created a live to lead for you
the ones who reach for more look for
more seek to become more join us this
year for live to lead a simulcast event
for leaders from every corner of the
world whether you're seasoned leader or
leader just beginning on your journey
this event will inspire you to grow it
will inspire you to lean in and it will
inspire you to make a difference helping
you along on this leadership journey our
speakers and remarkable leaders such as
work done former NFL running back and
philanthropist team work done has been a
leader in countless communities through
these charities such as Ward gun
charities and home for the holidays
Cheryl bought children the former CEO of
Popeye's Louisiana kitchen an author of
leadership book dare to serve she is a
passionate leader who stands on servant
leadership transformed the base of
culture and major food chain
ranked number one on Inc magazines
world's top ten CEOs Cheryl is a leader
who has made a significant impact on the
world around her
Dave Ramsey businessman author radio
host and motivational speaker Dave
Ramsey has helped thousands of people
get out of their debt and lead
themselves into a healthier more
sustainable lifestyle
and finally dr. John C Maxwell
best-selling author coach and speaker
John has written over 100 books on
leadership and trained over 6 million
leaders in countries across the globe
his influence on the study of leadership
and his impact on millions is
unmatchable their leaders in your
community who have taken the initiative
to bring live to lead to a location
to find out how to join us go to L to L
John Maxwell comm we believe a day can
truly make a difference and that day